custom tactical com here and then I'm
going to be looking at today is the
Kirby Lambert claw one of Kirby's
smaller designs maybe a little bit
earlier than a lot of his new stuff it's
it's probably I would say this is prior
to his new generation of of recurve bow
ated folders which he really likes to
make now this is a flat ground blade so
it's and doesn't have that that curve
look to it with a hammer of finish on
this one so it's not something we're
seeing a lot of from Kirby anymore these
days nauseum up sizes gouge grip design
which is very cool it looks nice it's
pretty grippy though i would say
marginally less comfortable than a
smooth smooth handles but very cool look
to it and something different so as it's
essentially a frame lock with carbon
fiber sort of destroyed carbon fiber
scales contoured and laid on top you see
it's fully contoured to Kirby always
fully contours his knives unless
requested otherwise it's a nice feature
a lot extra for it goes into doing that
so this one has the recurve blade it's
actually the only recurve so not not a
recurve I guess it's a hot belt blade
the only hawk bill blade that Kirby has
ever made in full production at least
and the pretty unique looking as you can
see this back here comes up like that
and actually quite comfortable in the
hand when you're holding it your pinky
kind of wraps around that will end
and then he's got a little bit of a
thumb ramp here no jumping on this one
I'm probably going to use a little
jumping there on the on the thumb ramp
and feels really good quite like the
feel of this one so essentially same
lock up as a as a frame lock one of the
neat features that could be incorporated
on this one is on I'll zoom in show the
detail here excuse me is the back spacer
he's drilled out in the back spacer here
and then he's colored it and inlaid it
with ball bearings so it has a very cool
look to it and the inside if you can see
it is a purple color so he's don't sort
of a two-tone anodizing here and I
really like what he's done looks great
he hasn't done too many of these guys
grip folders I don't know they caught on
quite as well I I was actually kind of
one of the guys that requested this
style and he and he went and created
this and I really liked it so I've got a
couple gash group folders from Kirby so
if you ever get one you'll know that
it's from an earlier era of Kirby
Lambert knives only single thumbs done
on this one he's got has sort of a onyx
shiny black onyx inlay on that thumb
stud there and I don't I don't really
carry this one it's it's not it's not
one of his more functional knives for
just because of a hawk dull blade there
makes it a bit a bit difficult for
cutting anything besides opening
envelopes so it's one of my display
knives I really like it and I hope you
guys enjoyed the review have a good